a lot of times it's raining we had a lot
of rain here couple inches here last day
and everything's wet
so I got together a fire that would work
and we're going to use the cotton balls
in Vaseline see how they do with this
wet wood and we'll cook a fish later
something quick on the trail and then
make a base some of that is a little wet
but you want to make a base where you
have airflow underneath so something
like this crisscross and would work and
I'll take one of these cotton pieces
here if I can get it out
just grab one whatever I can this is a
good survival kit to have something like
I'll catch pretty good
just catch them fibers little fibers out
now we have a good flame going we're
going to lay some tinder right on top we
don't want to drowned out that flame but
so we'll only take some of our tinder
just lay it right on top for it to catch
nothing to this alone you're not pushing
that very against wet ground
we're going to build a small fire here
OOP some lunch
and try to contain fire here so we're
not building the big fire something that
we can cook and keep moving today
I just put bigger stuff on as I go one
from tender pencil sizes or a little
bigger clip this kindling without the
size of your finger on it and get that
good pot get some hot coals and we'll
start cooking and I have these fish
blaze then I'm going to cook so I'm
gathering like moss off the side here
shaking it off good try to get what what
you can out of it and I'll take these
green sticks and run them across the
rocks and we'll cook our fish trying to
make it quick so we just made the fire
here put these green pieces across try
to calm the fire now a little but if you
put the fish in the moss you should be
fine
I'll just lay the fish rated that loss
not the cleanest but it's it does a job
and I'll put the I'll put the skin side
down to start lay this over fish that's
gonna take all the steam out of the moss
let's gonna steam your fish off so still
feed the fire right here so let's cook
it awhile okay I just flip them put new
moss on but they're cooking pretty good
as you can see not doing too bad
so this moss is keeping them from
burning and I don't put a lot of fire
down here just have the hot coals
not a little bit of wood we had there's
how much steam it lets off when you
start cooking it I think this is pretty
much done here to protected the fish
pretty good it's not the cleanest but
it's fall apart and it's not a dried out
either
okay here's the fish after I pulled it
off
what's left of the one that's the bigger
one but it's not bad it's tenth it's
nice and juicy tender and moist it's not
all dried out from a rock so I'm eating
it